New link for resetting your own password on the RPA Manager login pag… (#93)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/usermanagement-manage.adoc

. Click *OK*.
. Log in with your new password.

[[iforgotmypassword]]
== Reset Your Password

> If you forgot your password or if your one-time password has expired, reset it by clicking the link on the RPA Manager login page. You need to know your user name for resetting your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forget your password or if your one-time password expires, click the link on the RPA Manager login page to reset it. You need to know your user name to reset your password.
```

. Navigate to the RPA Manager login screen.

> . Click the *Forgot your credentials?* link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Forgot your credentials?*.
```

. Click *OK*.
. Log in with your new password.

[[iforgotmypassword]]
== Reset Your Password

If you forget your password or if your one-time password expires, click the link on the RPA Manager login page to reset it. You need to know your user name to reset your password.

. Navigate to the RPA Manager login screen.
. Click *Forgot your credentials?*.
. In the *Forgot your credentials* form, enter your username.
. Click *Continue*.

A confirmation request for creating a new password is emailed to you.

. Open the email in your email application.
. Click *Request New Credentials*.

A link to create a new password is emailed to you. The one-time password expires after 24 hours.

> If you use Two-Factor Authentication, append the time-based one-time password to your one-time password.

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need to use capital letters for ˝two-factor authentication"

Author: changed
